MMF-2168 dce images (#9)
SonarSource/sonarqube-docker-docs: sonarqube/content.md

# How to use this image

> Here you'll find the Docker images for the Community Edition, Developer Edition, Enterprise Edition and Datacenter Edition of SonarQube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you'll find the Docker images for the Community Edition, Developer Edition, Enterprise Edition, and Datacenter Edition of SonarQube.
```

> Here you'll find the Docker images for the Community Edition, Developer Edition, Enterprise Edition and Datacenter Edition of SonarQube.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here you'll find the Docker images for the Community Edition, Developer Edition, Enterprise Edition, and DataCenter Edition of SonarQube.
```

> Here you'll find the Docker images for the Community Edition, Developer Edition, Enterprise Edition, and Datacenter Edition of SonarQube.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here you'll find the Docker images for the Community Edition, Developer Edition, Enterprise Edition, and DataCenter Edition of SonarQube.
```

By default, the image will use an embedded H2 database that is not suited for production.

> > **Warning:** Only a single instance of SonarQube can connect to a database schema. If you're using a Docker Swarm or Kubernetes, make sure that multiple SonarQube instances are never running on the same database schema simultaneously. This will cause SonarQube to behave unpredictably and data will be corrupted. There is no safeguard until [SONAR-10362](https://jira.sonarsource.com/browse/SONAR-10362). The Datacenter Edition has the same limitation as in only one cluster can connect to one database schema at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Only a single instance of SonarQube can connect to a database schema. If you're using a Docker Swarm or Kubernetes, make sure that multiple SonarQube instances are never running on the same database schema simultaneously. This will cause SonarQube to behave unpredictably and data will be corrupted. There is no safeguard until [SONAR-10362](https://jira.sonarsource.com/browse/SONAR-10362). The Datacenter Edition has the same limitation in that only one cluster can connect to one database schema at the same time.
```

> > **Warning:** Only a single instance of SonarQube can connect to a database schema. If you're using a Docker Swarm or Kubernetes, make sure that multiple SonarQube instances are never running on the same database schema simultaneously. This will cause SonarQube to behave unpredictably and data will be corrupted. There is no safeguard until [SONAR-10362](https://jira.sonarsource.com/browse/SONAR-10362). The Datacenter Edition has the same limitation as in only one cluster can connect to one database schema at the same time.

Reviewer 2: > as in only one cluster can connect...
Is there a typo there?

```suggestion
> **Warning:** Only a single instance of SonarQube can connect to a database schema. If you're using a Docker Swarm or Kubernetes, make sure that multiple SonarQube instances are never running on the same database schema simultaneously. This will cause SonarQube to behave unpredictably and data will be corrupted. There is no safeguard until [SONAR-10362](https://jira.sonarsource.com/browse/SONAR-10362). With the DataCenter Edition, only one cluster can connect to one database schema at the same time.
```

-	`/opt/sonarqube/conf`: **for Version 7.9.x only**, configuration files, such as `sonar.properties`.
-	`/opt/sonarqube/data`: data files, such as the embedded H2 database and Elasticsearch indexes
-	`/opt/sonarqube/logs`: contains SonarQube logs about access, web process, CE process, Elasticsearch logs

> -	`/opt/sonarqube/extensions`: for all 3rd party plugins 

Reviewer 2: From what I know, all plugins are 3rd party now. That's why we had this wording.

Author: then we might just want to get rid of the `language analyzers` part? seems confusing to me

Reviewer 2: indeed, it can be confusing. fine by me.

```suggestion
-	`/opt/sonarqube/extensions`: for 3rd party plugins 
```

> **Warning:** You cannot use the same volumes on multiple instances of SonarQube.

## First Installation

For installation instructions, see Installing the Server from the Docker Image on the [Install the Server](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-server/) page.

> ### Datacenter Installation
> 

Reviewer 2: I would simply drop the title since there's a single line below.
```suggestion
```

> If you want to run Sonarqube in a Cluster, please refere to the [Installing SonarQube from the Docker Image section](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-cluster/#header-4) on the [Install Cluster Guide](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-cluster/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run SonarQube in a cluster, please refer to the [Installing SonarQube from the Docker Image section](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-cluster/#header-4) of the [Install the  Server as a Cluster guide](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-cluster/).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we really need to point out to the DCE documentation here.

> If you want to run SonarQube in a cluster, please refer to the [Installing SonarQube from the Docker Image section](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-cluster/#header-4) of the [Install the  Server as a Cluster guide](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-cluster/).

Reviewer 2: Since the 2 links point to the same page, I suggest we keep only one.

```suggestion
To run a cluster with the DataCenter Edition, please refer to Installing SonarQube from the Docker Image on the [Install the Server as a Cluster](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-cluster/) page.
```
